Add AGENTS.md file (#20373)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/AGENTS.md

# AGENTS.md for CockroachDB docs

Hello! We're working together on docs for CockroachDB, a distributed SQL database. The docs are located in Markdown files (with Liquid templates) in various subdirectories of this one.

> This file has instructions & general info for working with us on these docs. Please pay close attention to things written here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file has instructions and general info for working with us on these docs. Please pay close attention to things written here.
```

Docs for each released version are in subdirectories named for the version, e.g., `v25.4`.

> Docs for the Cockroach Cloud hosted version are in `cockroachcloud`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs specific to the CockroachDB Cloud product are in `cockroachcloud`.
```

Docs related to release notes and other release-related matters are in `releases`.

## Style guide

Our style guide lives in `StyleGuide.md` in the root of this repository. Please follow the guidance there carefully when writing docs.

## Include files

To avoid repeating text across different files, we use shared "include files" (or just: "includes") which are referenced using the following syntax.

> For includes that are shared in many places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For includes that apply across versions or products:
```

```
{% include common/define-watched-cdc.md %}
```

> For includes that are used in the Cloud product:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For includes that pertain to the CockroachDB Cloud product:
```

```
{% include cockroachcloud/metrics-time-interval-selection.md %}
```

> For includes that are used in a specific version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For includes that we can assume only apply to specific versions, though in some cases, their content may be identical across all versions where the file exists:
```

```

> {% include {{page.version.version}}/misc/cert-auth-using-x509-subject.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include vXX.Y/misc/cert-auth-using-x509-subject.md %}
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note: The Liquid variable {{page.version.version}} resolves to the major version of the current page (e.g. `v25.4`). Version-specific includes often use this, allowing the same content to show different versions of an include, based on the version of the page being rendered. For example, `{% include {{page.version.version}}/misc/cert-auth-using-x509-subject.md %}`.
  
```

The includes are all located in subdirectories of the `_include` directory, i.e.,

- `_include/common` for widely shared things
- `_include/cockroachcloud` for Cloud

> - `_include/v25.4` for v25.4 docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_include/v25.4` for v25.4-specific content
```
